1.As a full stack developer, you have been asked to develop a python program to
perform bank transactions including deposit and withdraw, for withdrow you cannot
let the account to be empty means it have to let 100 Rfw on the account and for all
transactions it have to display the messages.

2.CODEX DEV LTD, a Kigali-based software development company, is seeking a full-stack
developer to implement a shopping cart feature in their existing system. The developer
will be responsible for receiving a list of items to be purchased, allowing users to
remove items from the cart, and providing an option to empty the cart entirely. And
app must store those cart information to file named cart.csv The project will be
implemented using Python.

3.Develop a python program that can create a file in excel format "list of TVET schools"
and attach the following as header (District,School name,Trade,Number of students)
and attach sample data in row 1 (Your_district, Your_schoolname, SWD,23). The created
file have to be saved on desktop of your computer in directory works if that directory
don't exist it has to create it before saving that file.

4.As a full stack developer, you have been asked to develop a python program to
perform simple calculation (add, substract, divide and multiply). That program have to
let numbers to be entered by user using keyboard, and after entering numbers it have
to let user to select the operation to be performed and display the results according to
selected operation.

5.You are requested to develop a simple bank account transaction python program where
there is application of inheritance in which the system have to accept to input the
account owner and choose the action to be performed including withdraw, deposit and
the system has to show the amount to be withdrow base on settings of bank.
The program has to include the followings:
 Object
 Class
 Inheritance
 Polymorphism
 Encapsulation
6.As full stack developer you are asked to develop a python program that can be used
while calculating the age of students in order to know if they are allowed to take
national id card depending on entered age and the current date.
The program has to tell user if the entered student is allowed or not

7.Manzi as a full-stack developer, has built a web application for BERWA School. After
each deployment of the application, certain tasks must be automated to ensure the
application is correctly configured and ready for use. These tasks include configuring the
server, backing up the database, and sending notifications upon completion. To
enhance automation, Manzi decides to integrate a Python script into the deployment
process, ensuring it runs after each successful deployment and meets necessary security
measures. As a full stack developer, you are tasked to develop python script that will
help Manzi to perform the desired requirements for his system.
